<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_maximize_blup">
  <title>Maximize a Horse's Best Linear Unbiased Prediction (BLUP) Score</title>
  <shortdesc>
    BLUP values for all horses fall within a range between -100 and 100, with -100 being the lowest possible BLUP and 100 being the highest possible BLUP that a horse can reach.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step audience='novice'>
        <cmd>Access the private page of the horse you intend to BLUP and register the horse in an equestrian center.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step audience='expert'>
        <cmd>Once your horse is between the ages of 8 months and 1 year and 4 months, complete foal games until no more skill points can be gained.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Once your horse is at least 1 year and 6 months of age, maximize the hours your horse goes on forest rides each time it wakes up until it can gain no more skill points from forest rides.</cmd>
        <info>Make sure to balance forest rides with daily care, food, and water to keep your horse happy and healthy.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>After your horse can no longer gain skill points from forest rides, maximize the hours your horse goes on mountain rides each time it wakes up until it can gain no more skill points from mountain rides.</cmd>
        <info>Make sure to balance mountain rides with daily care, food, and water to keep your horse happy and healthy.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>After your horse can no longer gain skill points from mountain rides, identify your horse's best three skills for training.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Navigate to the <uicontrol>Characteristics</uicontrol> tab at the bottom of your horse's private page.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Select your horse's breed to access the directory page for that breed.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Look for the three skills marked with the highest score.</cmd>
            <info>These are the best three skills for your horse's breed, ranked in order.</info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Once your horse is at least 2 years of age, train it in its best three skills until you have gained the maximum skill points allowed for those skills.</cmd>
        <info>Completion of training is indicated by the meters in the Training tile on your horse's private page.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Once your horse is at least 5 years of age, select its competition specialty and give it the necessary tack to enter competitions.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the type(s) of competition that target your horse's best three skills. Enter your horse into those competitions until its best three skills have gained the maximum skill points possible.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>After your horse can no longer gain skill points in its best three skills from entering competitions, continue to enter competitions until your horse has secured 20 first-place wins.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step audience='expert'>
        <cmd>To speed up the process of securing 20 first-place wins for your horse, enter filler horses into the same competitions as the horse you are trying to BLUP to force the competitions to run faster.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>After your horse has won first place in 20 different competitions, age your horse with aging points until it turns 10 years of age, or care for it daily until it turns 10 years of age.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <!-- I would consider adding example image outputs at some moments in your model, whether at the end as a result or at certain critical moments in the procedure. -->
    <result>The BLUP indicator, found in the <uicontrol>Genetic</uicontrol> tab at the bottom of your horse's page, should display a score of 100.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>