<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_breeding_bmis">
  <title>Reproduction Black Market Items</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Optimize your horses' breeding by appling a Black Market Item from the reproduction category to your mare.
  </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <table>
      <title>Black Market Items in the Reproduction Category</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Black Market Item</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>Aphrodite's Tears</entry>
            <entry>Increase a foal’s inborn skills by 50%.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Artemis' Arrow</entry>
            <entry>Your mare ages twice as fast. The earnings from the lessons are doubled during this time.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Eros Egg</entry>
            <entry>Get an extra covering for your divine horse. Applies to Falabellas, Falacorns, Zebras and Jennies and can only be applied after they reach their initial covering limit.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Fertility Wand</entry>
            <entry>Give birth to identical twins.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Hera's Lily</entry>
            <entry>Choose the coat for your foal. Select the coat among the ones available for your horse's breed.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Hera's Pack</entry>
            <entry>
              <p>Save on items bought individually and enjoy an exclusive item:</p>
              <ul>
                <li>10 x Aging Points</li>
                <li>Aphrodite's Tears</li>
                <li>Artemis' Arrow</li>
                <li>Fertility Wand</li>
                <li>Hera's Lily</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Hestia's Gift</entry>
            <entry>Be 100% sure of giving birth to unicorns. Complete the covering without starting a unicorn covering session.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Phanes Egg</entry>
            <entry>Get an extra covering for your donkey or draft horse. Applies to all breeds of donkey and draft horse.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Zues' Lightning Bolt</entry>
            <entry>Change your horse's gender. Does not apply to geldings and pregnant mares.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>